Ring info bells.
The sky is falling.
A strong wind was blowing. It was making
whistling sounds in the jungle. This
scared a timid rabbit who lived in the
jungle. That noise is so scary. Let me
hide myself here.
He hid himself in his barrerow under the
mango tree. Suddenly, he heard a heavy
thought. The frightened rabbit sprang
out of his barrel.
The sky is falling. The sky is falling.
He started screaming and running as fast
as he could.
On the way, the jackal saw the scared
rabbit running.
He asked,
[Music]
"What happened? Why are you running?"
The rabbit replied hurriedly. Didn't you
hear that scary noise? The sky is
falling. Run. And he again started
running. Hearing this, the jackal
started running too. As they ran, other
animals such as the giraffe, elephant,
deer, and horse too joined them. Hearing
the commotion, the lion king came out of
his den. Romeo, why are you all running?
What happened? All the animals replied
in curse. The sky is falling.
The lion was surprised.
Who told you this? He demanded.
The rabbit came forward. But the clever
lion was not ready to believe such
stories. He asked the rabbit to take him
to the place where the sky fell. The
rabbit took the lion and the other
animals to the mango tree. But what did
they see there? A big mango lying on the
ground.
All the animals now understood what had
happened. They were ashamed to have
believed the rabbit's words. Do not jump
into any conclusion before investigating
the matter fully. The Wolf and the Three
Sheep.
Shirley, Burley, and Curly were three
sheep brothers.
They all lived in a beautiful straw
house.
One day, a wicked wolf came to live
close to the house. This scared the
sheep brothers. The eldest sheep said,
"The wolf could attack us anytime. We
need to be prepared. This house won't
protect us. The little brothers agreed.
Hence, they decided to build a stronger
house. They soon finished constructing
their new house. The house was beautiful
and strong.
One day, the wolf approached the house
with the intention of feasting on the
three brothers.
He knocked at the door, but the door did
not open.
"Ha! Won't you open the door? Then I'll
huff and I will puff and I will blow
your house in," howled the wolf. He
started banging his head on the door,
but the door wouldn't budge at all. The
wolf was frustrated, but wasn't ready to
give up. He climbed onto the roof of the
house and tried entering through the
chimney. However, the sheep brothers
were too smart to foolish the wolf. They
had arranged locks in the fireplace and
set fire. The wolf jumped through the
chimney and landed directly into the
fire at the fireplace.
[Music]
The three clever sheep had outwitted the
wolf. With careful planning, one can
defeat even the strongest of enemies,
the wolf and the crane.
One day, a hungry wolf found a big dead
animal. "Wow, this will make for a
wonderful meal,"
thought the fox. He at once jumped upon
it and began eating hurriedly. The wolf
was in such haste that while eating a
bone got stuck in his throat.
The wolf tried hard to bring out the
bone but failed miserably. The greedy
wolf even tried to swallow the bone to
continue eating but didn't succeed.
At last, he went to a crane that lived
by a river. The wolf said to the crane,
"A bone has got stuck in my throat while
eating. Please extract it out with the
help of your long, long neck. Will you?"
I promise I will pay you well. The crane
agreed. He inserted his long beak inside
the wide open mouth of the wolf. The
crane's long neck helped him in reaching
down the throat and pulling the bone
out.
After accomplishing the work
successfully, the crane said, "Now pay
me for my service."
The cunning wolf laughed.
"Payment for your service? Thank me for
allowing you to get your head out of my
mouth. Never believe a weak person's
promise. The cat and the fox. It was
evening time. A cat and a fox were
sitting and chatting.
These hounds are horrible. I hate them,
said the fox.
Yeah, right. I too don't like them at
all, the cat.
The hounds are very fast, but I'm sure
they'll not be able to catch me. I know
several tricks. I'm too smart for them,
said the fox.
Tricks? What tricks? The cat was very
curious to know.
There are many, replied the fox
bustfully. I can run through prickly
plants, hide behind bushes, or even in
barrows.
beam the fox. Is it so? asked the cat
innocently. Yes, and I don't plan to
teach you any of that. Those tricks are
only for intelligent ones like me. The
fox said bustfully.
H I know only one trick. The cat sounded
a little sad.
Suddenly, they heard the sound of the
approaching hounds.
Now I will use the trick and save
myself.
Let me see how you save yourself.
Saying that, the cat quickly climbed
onto the nearby tree.
[Music]
The fox tried all of his tricks, but he
failed. Oh no. The hounds caught him and
killed him. It's better to be a master
of one trade than a jack of many trades.
The cows and the tiger.
In a deep forest there lived four cows.
They were good friends. They always
graced together. Wherever they went,
they went in a group.
[Music]
In spite of living amidst the wild
animals, no one could ever dare to harm
them due to their unity.
A tiger had been watching these cows for
quite some time. He always wanted to
feast upon them.
how tasty these fat cows would be,
he thought.
But whenever he tried, he was driven
away by them as they struck back
together.
[Applause]
[Music]
Days passed.
One day, the cows had a big quarrel.
[Music]
Don't talk to me.
You don't talk to me. I don't want to be
in this grub anymore. Neither do I.
Saying this, each cow went in a
different direction to grace.
The tiger grabbed this great
opportunity.
Finally, the day has arrived. He
laughed.
[Music]
He then pounced upon the cows one by one
and gobbled them up.
[Applause]
[Music]
United we stand, divided we fall. The
mouse and the bull.
[Music]
One summer afternoon, a mouse came out
of his hole and saw a bull fast asleep
under a tree.
[Music]
The loud snore evoked the curiosity of
the mouse.
Wow, how huge his nostrils are,
exclaimed the mouse. He entered it and
came out just for fun.
[Music]
The bull woke up and cried in pain.
Hearing this, the mouse got scared and
started running.
The bull gave a good chase, but in vain.
The mouse went into his hole. However,
the bull was not ready to give up. He
angrily below. "You silly mouse! How
dare you! I'll teach you a lesson." "Oh,
mighty bull. Sorry, I did that just for
fun," said the mouse.
But the bull wasn't convinced.
[Music]
He angrily dashed his head against the
wall, hoping to break the wall and
capture the mouse. He dashed and dashed
until he became tired. The wall didn't
budge. Oh, foolish boy. Just because
you're big and strong, it doesn't mean
that she can achieve anything. Stop
breaking your head and go now, mocked
the mouse. The bull understood the truth
in the words of the mouse. He silently
walked away.
[Music]
Might may not always be right.
Belling the cat.
Once upon a time there lived many mice
in a groceryer shop. They lived very
happily gobbling up all the grocery
items.
[Music]
M yummy. So tasty.
However, the shopkeeper wasn't happy. So
he decided to get a cat to deal with the
nuisance.
[Music]
In a few days, the cat ate a number of
mice.
These scared the other mice.
They were not able to lead a happy life
as before.
Hence, the mice held an urgent meeting
to find a solution to the cat menace. We
need to get a rid of the cat. The mice
decided, but how? One mouse had a
suggestion. If somehow we could know
when the cat comes towards us, we can
hide somewhere to save ourselves.
Another clever mouse suggested,
"What about a bell around the cat's
neck?
Wow, that's a great idea, replied all
the mice in unison. They praised the
young mouse for his brilliance.
However, one old mouse stood up and
asked, "Wait,
before you cheer, think who is going to
build a cat?"
All the mice remained silent. No one
wanted to bell the cat. Imaginary
solutions never serve a purpose.
The clever crow.
Once a crow found a big piece of cheese.
The crow held it in her beak and flew up
to the tree branch to eat the cheese in
leisure. As she was settling down, a
hungry fox came by.
When the fox saw the piece of cheese,
his mouth watered.
That cheese looked tasty and inviting,
said the fox.
But how do I get it? He thought.
Suddenly, an idea flashed in his mind.
The fox called out the crow in a very
smooth, gentle manner.
Madam
crow. Madam crow, I've heard that you
have a very sweet voice. Would you mind
singing a song for me? He asked.
The crow was way smarter than the fox.
She understood his cunning intention.
She carefully took the piece of cheese
from her beak and put it under her foot.
Then she said sarcastically,
"I'm
ready to sing now. Are you ready?" The
fox was outwitted. He did not reply. He
quietly walked away.
Be careful of flattery.
Fox and the
One day, a fox was passing by a tree. He
saw a sitting on one of the tree
branches. The fox's mouth watered.
"What a fine lunch he would be," thought
the fox. But the fox did not know how to
climb a tree. He somehow had to make the
come down.
He looked up at the and said
gently,
"Hello, friend. I have a great news."
What is it? asked the I am a
messenger of God. Hereafter, no animal
will eat any other animal. We are all
friends. Come down. Let's celebrate.
The smart replied, "Wa, that's
really great. We should probably call
our friends the hounds. Look, they are
almost here."
[Music]
The fox gasped on hearing this. As he
was about to run, the asked, "Why
are you afraid? Aren't we all friends
now?" "Yes, but the hounds might not
know this yet." Saying this, the fox ran
away as fast as his legs could carry
him. Always remain cautious of cunning
people.
The blue fox.
One day a fox was wandering in search of
food. A group of dogs spotted him and
started chasing him. The fox ran for his
life.
As he was running, he suddenly tumbled
into a big tub of blue dye.
He hid there until the dogs were gone.
Uh-oh, that was a great escape, said the
relieved fox to himself. He slowly came
out and fled to the jungle.
As the fox walked through the jungle, he
met other animals on the way.
Oh, I run.
All the animals seemed to be scared of
him. He had no idea why.
He walked and walked until he reached
the jungle pond.
As he bent down to drink some water, he
looked at his reflection.
What is this? His whole body was blue in
color.
He now understood everything. The
cunning fox now plotted a brilliant
plan. He called out for all his friends
and said,
"I'm a messenger of God.
I'll be your king going forward. Don't
be afraid." The animals believed the
strange creature and accepted him as
their king. The fox led a happy life as
the king of the jungle.
One day, the fox king heard a pack of
foxes hauling.
Oh, what a wonderful music. I cannot
stop myself to hold, too. Unable to
resist his urge, the blue fox started
howling, too. Hearing this loud howl,
the other animals finally figured out
who this strange animal was. They
smacked him and drove him out of the
jungle.
You can never hide your real identity.
the sour grapes.
A hungry fox was walking through a
wineard.
His tummy was making grumbling sounds.
The big ripe bunches of grapes hanging
above his head tempted the fox. His
mouth started watering.
H the fox craned his neck and tried to
get hold of a bunch. However, the grapes
were beyond his reach.
The fox now jumped a little. The grapes
were still unreachable.
H let me try harder, the fox said to
himself.
So the fox stood on his hand legs and
stretched himself to catch the grapes
with his for legs. Alas,
the fox could not even touch the grapes.
I am quite tall. I can do it, said the
fox to himself. He jumped and jumped for
a long time to get hold of a bunch of
grapes, but he could not reach them.
He finally gave up.
He was very disappointed.
Who wants such sour grapes? Not me.
Saying this, the proud fox walked away.
What we did not get is declare worthless
by us.
Jungles without animals.
Long, long ago, there lived a king who
was very fond of hunting.
[Music]
However, the king's hobby was causing a
great loss to the jungles. There were
hardly any animals left.
[Music]
[Applause]
This concerned the wise prime minister
of the kingdom. He decided to make the
king understand the situation.
One day, the king went for hunting as
usual, accompanied by his prime
minister. On the way, they saw a group
of pirates twittering aloud.
"Do you know what they are talking
about?" the king asked.
The minister replied, "Yes, Majesty.
They are discussing about the marriage
in their family. The groom's father
wanted five empty forests for his son,
whereas the bride's father is promising
him 10. But how? Exclaimed the king. The
prime minister replied, "The bride's
father is saying that all jungles will
soon be devoid of animals and birds
given the king's passion for hunting."
The king suddenly realized what the
prime minister was hinting at. He felt
really ashamed of himself. He promised
that he won't go on a hunting spree
again. Be kind to animals. Live and let
live.
The capsiller and monkey.
[Music]
Once there was a capseller in a town.
On one fine day, after he made a few
sales of cups, he became very tired.
[Music]
He decided to sit under a big tree to
take rest for a while. Soon he slept
off.
[Music]
There were many monkeys on the big tree.
They saw the cap seller was sleeping
under the tree.
Hey friends, look at those wonderful
caps.
And the monkeys came down,
[Music]
took the caps from the capseller's back,
and woo them. Then they climbed the tree
again.
When the cap seller woke up, he was
shocked to see his back empty. Oh, where
are my cups? Where are my cups?
To his surprise, he saw the monkeys were
wearing them. Hey, monkeys, give my
cups. Give my caps. You want your caps?
Well, he thought of an idea to get back
all of his caps. So, he threw up his own
cap on the air. The monkeys also threw
up their caps.
Then he threw the cap on the ground.
The monkeys also threw down their caps.
Who was that?
Yes, the cap seller collected all the
caps, put them back in his bag, and went
away happily.
Goodbye.
Wisdom is better than weapons of war.
The foolish wolf.
Once a wolf picked up the lamb from a
herd of sheep and ran away.
When he was about to kill the lamb, the
lamb pleaded. "You may kill me, sir, but
please fulfill me my last wish before
you do. Please." "What is your last
wish?" asked the surprise wolf. The lamb
replied. "I've heard that you play the
flute really well. Could you please play
a tune for me? I want to die in peace.
The wolf was fluttered. He took out his
flute and started playing. Once he
stopped, the clever lamb said, "It
sounds so wonderful. Could you play it
louder, please?" The foolish wolf did
not understand the lamb's trick.
Oh, yes, I can definitely play it
louder. Saying this, he started playing
the flute even louder.
The sound of the flute alerted the
shepherd and his dogs. In no time, they
reached the place where the wolf was.
[Music]
The dogs chased the wolf away and saved
the lamb.
[Music]
The clever lamb was free. He happily
went and joined his herd.
Never lose your cool in adversity.
The dove and the ant.
Once upon a time, on the bank of a
river, there was a tree. A dove lived on
one of its many branches.
One day, when the dove was sitting on
the tree, he saw an ant struggling for
his life in the river waters.
The ant was crying for help.
Help me. Save me. The dove took pity on
the poor ant. He plucked a leaf and
placed it near the ant. The ant quickly
climbed onto the leaf. The dove now
picked up the leaf and dropped it on the
land. "Thank you very much, my dear dove
friend. I'll never forget this help,"
said the ant. One day, as the dove was
napping on one of the tree branches, a
hunter came by.
He saw the dove and aimed for it with
his bow and arrow. The ant was watching
all this. Oh, my friend is in danger. I
need to help him, cried the ant. He
slowly crept behind the hunter and bit
his toe.
Huh? cried the hunter. He lost the grip
on his bow and the arrow missed the
dove. The cry of the hunter alerted the
dove and he flew to a safer place. Thus,
the good hearted dove was saved by the
ant.
[Music]
A good deed is always repaid with a good
deed.
The Ugly Tree.
In a dense forest, there stood a big
tree. He was not like any other tree. He
had crooked branches, pale, dirty
leaves, and a disfigured trunk. The
other trees around him looked tall and
elegant. While he was much shorter than
most of them,
the tree was never happy with himself.
He even envied the other beautiful trees
around him. Look at me, whine the tree.
How ugly I am. How crooked my stems and
branches are. How I wish I could be as
beautiful as the other trees. One day, a
wood cutter came to the forest to
collect firewood.
Oh, these tall trees will make for good
wood. Let me chop them first.
Saying that, he chopped down a few of
the long slender trees.
Once he was done with a few trees,
he came to the crooked tree. He came
around the tree and examined it
carefully.
This tree seems to have some problem.
Moreever, the twist of branches won't be
of any use for me. Let it not waste time
cutting it down. The wood cutter picked
up the chopped wood and went away. The
tree heaved a side of relief.
All these days he had thought he was
ugly, but now the very same ugliness had
saved his life. Always be content with
what you have.
The Truthful Wood Cutter. One day, as
usual, a wood cutter was on his way to
work.
[Music]
When he was crossing the river,
accidentally his axe fell into the
river.
My axe, my axe,
oh my axe.
He was a very poor
so could not buy a new axe at all. I
lost my axe. I lost my hearing his
socks, an angel appeared before him.
[Music]
Don't cry. I'll come with your axe.
The angel came up carrying a golden axe.
[Music]
Take your axe. No. No. This is not my
axe. My axe was made of iron.
No. No. This is not my axe. My axe was
made of fire. The angel once again
plucked into the river and soon
reappeared carrying the axe of the wood
cutter.
Ah, I got my ax. I got my ax. Oh, angel,
thank you very much. I will always in
depth to you. The angel was impressed by
the man honesty.
She presented him the gold and silver
axes in recognition of his truthful
nature.
[Music]
Truthfulness brings his own reward.
The Boy and the Wolf.
There once lived a shepherd boy.
Every day he would go up the hill to
graze his sheep.
One day he was bored and he wanted to
have some fun.
He shouted, "Wolf! Wolf! Help! There's a
wolf!"
The farmers working in the fields heard
the boy's cries for help. They run up
the hill to save the boy. "Where's the
wolf? Where is the wolf?" they cried.
They looked around, but there was no
wolf. The farmers warned him against
playing such tricks and walked away. But
the boy wouldn't listen. He played the
same trick again.
This time the farmers grew angry. They
said, "If you ever do this again, we
will not come to your rescue." And
walked away.
The next day, what the boy said for fun
really happened. Yes, a wolf indeed came
to the spot.
The boy climbed on the tree and started
crying out for help. There's a wolf.
There's a wolf. Wolf, wolf, there is a
wolf. Alas, no one came. The wolf killed
all the sheep one by one and feasted on
them. The boy couldn't do anything but
watch helplessly.
Never lie. Once you are known as a liar,
you will not be taken seriously.
The two mice.
A country mouse and a town mouse were
very good friends. One day, the country
mouse asked the town mouse,
"Why don't you come home sometime?"
The town mouse happily agreed.
The country mouse welcomed him to his
home and served him a variety of fruits
and nuts.
They ate their food peacefully in the
open fields.
[Music]
However, the town mouse soon grew tired
of eating the simple food there. He
said, "What a boring life this is. Come
with me to the town. I'll show you how
wonderful my life is." The country mouse
readily accepted his friend's
invitation. So the two friends set off
to town.
[Music]
The town mouse took the country mouse to
his home,
[Music]
a kitchen in a big house in the town.
He served his friend a very delicious
fair, including cakes, biscuits, and
bread. As they sat down to eat, they
heard footsteps of the lady of the
house.
[Music]
They quickly hidden a hole.
After a while, they emerged out of their
hideouts and sat down again to eat.
It was the house cat. Hearing the meal
of the cat, the mice ran for their
lives, the country mouse didn't like it
at all. He said to the town mouse, "What
a life you're leading. You cannot even
eat in peace. I can't live like you. I'm
going back."
Saying this, the wise country mouse went
back to his village.
All material riches cannot provide
happiness.